Update description of input parameter type and return type limitations (#13346)
ethereum/solidity: docs/layout-of-source-files.rst

  required by the pragma. If it does not match, the compiler issues
  an error.

.. index:: ! ABI coder, ! pragma; abicoder, pragma; ABIEncoderV2
.. _abi_coder:

ABI Coder Pragma
----------------

By using ``pragma abicoder v1`` or ``pragma abicoder v2`` you can
select between the two implementations of the ABI encoder and decoder.

The new ABI coder (v2) is able to encode and decode arbitrarily nested

> arrays and structs. It might produce less optimal code, but is considered
> non-experimental as of Solidity 0.6.0. It is activated by default starting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arrays and structs. Apart from supporting more types, it involves more extensive validation and safety checks, which may result in higher gas costs, but also heightened security. It is considered
non-experimental as of Solidity 0.6.0 and is enabled by default starting
```

Or something like that... "It might produce less optimal code" is both vague and discouraging and we really don't want people to use v1 anymore.
